Add documentation about node environment (#413)
cozy/cozy-client: docs/how-tos.md

)
```

> ### Use the client on Node environment (`ReferenceError: fetch is not defined`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to use the client on Node environment (`ReferenceError: fetch is not defined`)
```

To be in line with other titles.

> Cozy-Client will rely on the [`fetch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) function included in browsers (or polyfilled), so we have to provide this same function for a Node script. An example is using [`node-fetch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) like following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cozy-Client relies on the [`fetch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) function included in browsers (or polyfilled). This function does not exist on Node environments so we have to provide a polyfill. An example using [`node-fetch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch):
```

Reviewer: I splitted the phrase since clearer sentences are easier to understand.

```js
import fetch from 'node-fetch'
import CozyClient from 'cozy-client'

global.fetch = fetch
```

Then you will be able to use all the client methods and fetch data correctly.

> 

Reviewer: Can you update the TOC at the top of the file please ?
